ec2 architecture and guide (#4585)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/reference-architecture/manual/manual.md

- **Full Control**: Users are responsible for all aspects of deployment, including installation, configuration, scaling, and maintenance. This offers maximum flexibility for custom environments.

Other deployment options, such as containerized deployments or managed services, might offer more convenience and automation. However, VM based deployment gives you the flexibility to tailor the deployment to your exact needs, which can be beneficial for regulated or highly customized environments.

For documentation on the orchestration cluster, Web Modeler and Console separation, refer to [the documentation](/self-managed/reference-architecture/reference-architecture.md#orchestration-cluster-vs-web-modeler-and-console)

## Reference implementations

This section includes deployment reference architectures for manual setups:

- [Aamazon EC2 deployment](/self-managed/setup/deploy/amazon/aws-ec2.md) - is a standard production setups with support for high availability.

> ## Before You Start
> 
> Before starting with the self-managed single JAR setup, consider evaluating your deployment platform options (Kubernetes / Docker) based on your familiarity with these platforms. Self-managing your deployment requires a solid understanding of infrastructure, networking, and application management. If you prefer a simpler and more managed solution, you may want to explore [our SaaS offerings](https://camunda.com/platform/). SaaS can significantly reduce maintenance efforts, allowing you to focus on your core business needs.

Author: This section can probably be brought up to the page introduction. This way a user can read the initial paragraph and immediately bow out if this setup isn't right for them. I would move it up in a version like the following, even in a note: 
```suggestion
This method of deployment requires a solid understanding of infrastructure, networking, and application management. Consider evaluating your [deployment platform options](link to the overview) based on your familiarity and need. If you prefer a simpler and more managed solution, [Camunda 8 SaaS](https://camunda.com/platform/) can significantly reduce maintenance efforts, allowing you to focus on your core business needs.
```

Reviewer: I'd be happy if you could implement those changes 🙇!

> ## Limitations

Author: Is "Limitations" the best heading here? Could this be restructured into a more informative "Prerequisites" section? Prior knowledge feels required.

Reviewer: maybe `Considerations`?

I tried backling to the reference arch page in regards to orchestration cluster.
Feel free to extend it in regards to restructuring, I think you've got a better feeling here.

> - The focus is on the orchestration cluster. This includes the single JAR compromised of Identity, Operate, Optimize, Tasklist, and Zeebe. AS well as the Connectors runtime.

Author: Does this mean at the expense of instructions on running web modeler and console?

```suggestion
- This guide focuses on deploying the [b]orchestration cluster,[/b] or the the single JAR compromised of Identity, Operate, Optimize, Tasklist, and Zeebe, as well as the Connectors runtime. Web Modeler and Console deployments are not included.
```

Reviewer: Yes, Web Modeler and Console are not covered. Nothing was simplified about their setup.
Iteration now atm is focus on the orchestration cluster.

Reviewer: adjusted it and slightly changed the naming. Not sure I would call this page a guide?

- General guidance and examples will focus on **unix** users but can be adapted by Windows users with the use of e.g. [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) or included `batch` files.

> - The deployment of `Optimize` is still based on the old architecture and must run on a single node.

Author: ```suggestion
- The deployment of Optimize is based on the old architecture and must run on a single node.
```

A link to the old architecture(?) could help here; this seems unclear to a new user.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we have anything in the documentation that talks about the overall architecture at all so far ...

Reviewer: I changed it to align with the aws-ec2 consideration mentioning

> The Optimize importer is not highly available and must only run once within the whole setup.

Reviewer: as a result we could probably remove this from the `aws-ec2` page and just link the considerations on the `manual` page?
